Create Release Post 3.43 (#5670)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2022/release-3.43.md

---
title: "Sourcegraph 3.43 release"
publishDate: 2022-08-22T10:00-07:00
description: "Sourcegraph 3.43 introduces new..."
tags: [blog, release]
slug: "release/3.43"
published: true
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/3.43/sourcegraph-3-43.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/3.43/sourcegraph-3-43.png
changelogItems:

>   - description: 'Search queries with patterns surrounded by /.../ will now be interpreted as regular expressions. Existing search links or code monitors are unaffected. In the rare event where older links rely on the literal meaning of /.../, the string will be automatically quoted it in a content filter, preserving the original meaning. If you happen to use an existing older link and want /.../ to work as a regular expression, add patterntype:standard to the query. New queries and code monitors will interpret /.../ as regular expressions.'

Author: @benvenker Can you please help distill this change / make it less wordy?

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/38141
    category: Search
  - description: 'The experimental dependencies search feature has been removed, including the repo:deps(...) search predicate and the site configuration options codeIntelLockfileIndexing.enabled and experimentalFeatures.dependenciesSearch.'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/39742
    category: Search
  - description: 'Added the ROCKSKIP_MIN_REPO_SIZE_MB config option. Rockskip is automatically used for repositories over the set size (which defaults to 1GB).'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/38192
    category: Code Navigation

>   - description: '"observability.tracing": { "urlTemplate": "..." } can now be set to configure generated trace URLs (for example those generated via &trace=1).'

Author: @quinnhare , is this update from your team? Could you add some context on why this is valuable / plugs into OTel?

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/
    category: 
  - description: 'Added experimental support for exporting traces to an OpenTelemetry collector with "observability.tracing": { "type": "opentelemetry" }.'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/37984
    category: Observability
---

Sourcegraph 3.43 is now available! For this release, we introduced:

> ## Improve user management for admins

Reviewer: An easier way for admins to manage users

Author: ```suggestion
## An easier way for admins to manage users
```

> Admins are constantly on the lookout for better ways to manage users within Sourcegraph and in 3.43 we are introducing an additional tool: A redesigned user management page. This redesigned page allows admins to see user-level usage stats, sort and filter those users, and efficiently perform actions on a single or set of users. 

Reviewer: @ryphil is this page new or redesigned? We keep on going back in forth in saying it's new (an addition tool a new page) vs. improved (redesigned page). Let's be clear on if it's new or improved.

After upgrade to 3.43, site admins can find this new page under site admin > Users & Auth > Users. Looking towards Sourcegraph 4.0, we are excited to introduce more ways for admins to get the most out of Sourcegraph. 

> ## Admin Analytics Updates

Reviewer: Introducing usage trends and forecasts within admin analytics

Author: ```suggestion
## Introducing usage trends and forecasts within admin analytics
```

In 3.42, we introduced [all new admin analytics page](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/3.42/admin_analytics_v2.png) to help admins understand and quantify the value of Sourcegraph to their organization. 

> Now in 3.43, we are introducing further updates: 

Reviewer: We've made additional improvements in 3.43 to include:

Author: ```suggestion
We've made additional improvements in 3.43 to include:
```

> - We have introduced yearly-projections to help admins further understand the value across an entire year. This builds on historical data captured and stored within the instance to show a full year of value. 

Reviewer: Yearly projections to help admins further understand the value across an entire year. This builds on historical data captured and stored within the instance to show a full year of value.

Author: ```suggestion
- Yearly projections help admins further understand the value across an entire year. This builds on historical data captured and stored within the instance to show a full year of value.
```

> - Graphs can be shown by day or by month to help admins more granularly understand trends in the data. 

Reviewer: Graphs with usage trends that can be customized to show daily or monthly data.

Author: ```suggestion
- Graphs with usage trends that can be customized to show daily or monthly data.
```

---
title: "Sourcegraph 3.43 release"
publishDate: 2022-08-22T10:00-07:00
description: "Sourcegraph 3.43 introduces several new features for admins, including a newly redesigned user management page as well as annual forecasting for admin analytics."
tags: [blog, release]
slug: "release/3.43"
published: true
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/3.43/sourcegraph-3-43.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/3.43/sourcegraph-3-43.png
changelogItems:

>   - description: 'Search queries with patterns surrounded by /.../ will now be interpreted as regular expressions. Existing search links or code monitors are unaffected. In the rare event where older links rely on the literal meaning of /.../, the string will be automatically quoted it in a content filter, preserving the original meaning. If you happen to use an existing older link and want /.../ to work as a regular expression, add patterntype:standard to the query. New queries and code monitors will interpret /.../ as regular expressions.'

Reviewer 2: Is the "it" unnecessary here: the string will be automatically quoted it in a content filter,

>   - description: 'Search queries with patterns surrounded by /.../ will now be interpreted as regular expressions. Existing search links or code monitors are unaffected. In the rare event where older links rely on the literal meaning of /.../, the string will be automatically quoted it in a content filter, preserving the original meaning. If you happen to use an existing older link and want /.../ to work as a regular expression, add patterntype:standard to the query. New queries and code monitors will interpret /.../ as regular expressions.'

Reviewer 2: Is the last sentence ( New queries and code monitors will interpret /.../ as regular expressions.') related to adding " patterntype:standard to the query" or is it more relevant to the first sentence? It feels a bit out of place currently.

Reviewer: Moved the order around.

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/38141
    category: Search
  - description: 'The experimental dependencies search feature has been removed, including the repo:deps(...) search predicate and the site configuration options codeIntelLockfileIndexing.enabled and experimentalFeatures.dependenciesSearch.'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/39742
    category: Search

>   - description: 'Added the ROCKSKIP_MIN_REPO_SIZE_MB config option. Rockskip is automatically used for repositories over the set size (which defaults to 1GB).'

Reviewer 2: Clarify why this is important:

This makes it easier to set up Rockskip because you no longer have to explicitly list the repositories in ROCKSKIP_REPOS.

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/38192
    category: Code Navigation

>   - description: By default, insights now get 12 historic data points in addition to a current daily value and future points that align with the defined interval.

Reviewer 2: @Joelkw - not entirely sure what this means: "and future points that align with the defined interval." 

What is changing for the user? Is this a good thing/bad thing?

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/37756
    category: Code Insights
---

Sourcegraph 3.43 is now available! For this release, we introduced:

## An easier way for admins to manage users

> Admins are constantly on the lookout for better ways to manage users within Sourcegraph and in 3.43 we are introducing a redesigned user management page to help. This updated page allows admins to see user-level usage stats, sort and filter those users, and efficiently perform actions on a single or set of users. 

Reviewer 2: Are admins actually constantly on the lookout for better ways to manage?
- "We are introducing a redesigned user management page to help Admins [specific example]
- Add specificity for user-level usage stats - what kind of information do we show
- What kind of actions can you take?
- When would someone use this page?

> Admins are constantly on the lookout for better ways to manage users within Sourcegraph and in 3.43 we are introducing a redesigned user management page to help. This updated page allows admins to see user-level usage stats, sort and filter those users, and efficiently perform actions on a single or set of users. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Admins are constantly on the lookout for better ways to manage users within Sourcegraph and in 3.43 we are introducing a redesigned user management page to help. This updated page allows admins to see user-level usage stats, sort and filter those users, and efficiently perform actions on a single user or set of users. 
```

> After upgrading to 3.43, site admins can find this enhanced page under site admin > Users & Auth > Users. Looking towards Sourcegraph 4.0, we are excited to introduce more ways for admins to get the most out of Sourcegraph. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After upgrading to 3.43, site admins can find this enhanced page under Site Admin > Users & Auth > Users. Looking towards Sourcegraph 4.0, we are excited to introduce more ways for admins to get the most out of Sourcegraph. 
```

Reviewer 2: Should we link to the 4.0 page?

Reviewer: I'll link to the landing page

<p><Figure 
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/3.43/user_admin_page.png"
  alt="User administration page"
/></p>

## Introducing usage trends and forecasts within admin analytics

In 3.42, we introduced an [all new admin analytics page](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/admin-analytics) to help admins understand and quantify the value of Sourcegraph to their organization. 

We've made additional improvements in 3.43 to include:

> - Yearly projections that help admins further understand the value across an entire year. This builds on historical data captured and stored within the instance to show a full year of value.

Reviewer 2: Did we previously show metrics for a week? year? It may help to explain what exactly is changing.

Reviewer 2: Is there a screenshot we can show for this update?

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/38141
    category: Search
  - description: 'The experimental dependencies search feature has been removed, including the repo:deps(...) search predicate and the site configuration options codeIntelLockfileIndexing.enabled and experimentalFeatures.dependenciesSearch.'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/39742
    category: Search
  - description: 'Added the ROCKSKIP_MIN_REPO_SIZE_MB config option. Rockskip is automatically used for repositories over the set size (which defaults to 1GB) which helps to improve the loading speed of symbols for large repos.'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/38192
    category: Code Navigation
---

Sourcegraph 3.43 is now available! For this release, we introduced:

## An easier way for admins to manage users

> We are introducing a redesigned user management page to help Admins more effectively manage users of Sourcegraph. It allows Admins to quickly take action for a single user or a set of users and sort users by set criteria. Admins can instantly identify Site Admins and sort users by their number of events, last active date, and when the users was created. Admins save time by performing bulk actions such as force sign-out, reset password, promote a user to a Admin, and delete a user. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are introducing a redesigned user management page to help admins more effectively manage users of Sourcegraph. If you are a Sourcegraph admin, you can now easily sort and identify users based on the number of events performed, last active date, or when the user was created. From there, you can save time by performing bulk actions for a single user or a subset of users, such as forcing sign-out or password reset, promoting to an Admin role, or deleting the user(s). 
```

  - description: By default, insights now get 12 historic data points in addition to a current daily value and future points that align with the defined interval.
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/37756
    category: Code Insights
  - description: '"observability.tracing": { "urlTemplate": "..." } can now be set to configure generated trace URLs (for example those generated via &trace=1).'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/39765
    category: Admin
  - description: 'Added experimental support for exporting traces to an OpenTelemetry collector with "observability.tracing": { "type": "opentelemetry" }.'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/37984
    category: Admin
---

Sourcegraph 3.43 is now available! For this release, we introduced:

## An easier way for admins to manage users

Admins are constantly on the lookout for better ways to manage users within Sourcegraph and in 3.43 we are introducing an additional tool: A redesigned user management page. This redesigned page allows admins to see user-level usage stats, sort and filter those users, and efficiently perform actions on a single or set of users. 

> After upgrade to 3.43, site admins can find this new page under site admin > Users & Auth > Users. Looking towards Sourcegraph 4.0, we are excited to introduce more ways for admins to get the most out of Sourcegraph. 

Author: ```suggestion
After upgrading to 3.43, site admins can find this new page under site admin > Users & Auth > Users. Looking towards Sourcegraph 4.0, we are excited to introduce more ways for admins to get the most out of Sourcegraph. 
```
